IBX-9794: Warn about code block access (#2791)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/security/security_checklist.md

            - { path: ^/search, roles: ROLE_USER}
    ```

### Limit access to code blocks

The Code Block in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript. This means that XSS is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code Blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to

> [limit access to specific blocks per content type](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/4.6/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages),
```

> The Code Block in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript. This means that XSS is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code Blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to
> [limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages),
> where you can define which page blocks are available to an editor.

Reviewer: I'm not sure XSS is the only malicious JS, I would quote it as an example.
XSS become the first occurence of the accronym on the page so let's unfold it. (the previously-first-but-now-second is in [`Content-Security-Policy` header](https://ez-systems-developer-documentation--2791.com.readthedocs.build/en/2791/infrastructure_and_maintenance/security/security_checklist/#security-headers) and can stay in its long version as well).

```suggestion
The [Code block]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/block_reference/#code-block) in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript.
This means that malicious JS including cross site scripting (XSS) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to
[limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages),
where you can define which page blocks are available to an editor.
```

Author: Sounds good!

            - { path: ^/search, roles: ROLE_USER}
    ```

> ### Limit access to code blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limit access to Code blocks
```

> ### Limit access to code blocks

Author: ```suggestion
### Limit access to Code blocks
```
Capitalise the same way.

Author: Ah, already done.

The [Code block]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/block_reference/#code-block) in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript.

> This means that malicious JS including [cross site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that editors who have access to Code blocks could add malicious JS including [cross site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting).
```

> This means that malicious JS including cross site scripting (XSS) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that malicious JS including [cross site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to
```

> As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As site administrator, be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to trusted editors.
```

> The [Code block]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/block_reference/#code-block) in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript.
> This means that malicious JS including [cross site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks. As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors. It is possible to
> [limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages),
> where you can define which page blocks are available to an editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Code block]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/block_reference/#code-block) in Page Builder is designed to accept any HTML, which includes embedded JavaScript.
This means that malicious JS including [cross site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) is necessarily possible for editors that have access to Code blocks.
As site administrator you should be aware of this when giving editors access to the Page Builder features, and limit that access only to highly trusted editors.
It is possible to [limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages), where you can define which page blocks are available to an editor.
```

> It is possible to [limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages), where you can define which page blocks are available to an editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can [limit access to specific blocks per content type]([[= user_doc =]]/content_management/configure_ct_field_settings/#default-configuration-of-pages) by defining which page blocks are available to editors.
```
